the conference was held in milan today
print presentation of the day
national parkinson who will come
celebrated on November 30th for the
fifth consecutive year on the whole
National territory
on this occasion we make the point
on parkinson's disease with the
professor giovanni abruzzese director
of the neurological clinic two
responsible for the parkinson center
of the University of Genoa and President
of the lim for the Italian league for the
fight against parkinson syndromes
extrapyramidal and dementia professor
Abruzzese can give us a framework
general condition of parkinson's disease
if therefore a degenerative disease of the
nervous system
therefore it is due to a process that
affects some regions of ours
brain that classically
identified is the famous black substance
on whose degeneration depend
basically the motor symptoms though
the acquisition of the last ten
years and that actually to the process more
widespread, which therefore also affects others
brain areas from which also the
appearance of so-called symptoms in the
engines that can sometimes even
precede the mother diagnosis of
disease and the appearance of motor ones
how old is this disease in
Our country therefore goes to
prevalence and incidence of the disease
they are essentially identical in all
the world so there is a rate of
prevalence therefore the number of cases in
a country at a given time
historical is about between the 250 250 cases
every 100,000 inhabitants
so there are around 230 blacks in Italy
thousand patients suffering from the disease
what are the causes is this honestly
a question that is difficult to answer
because they are probably more than one in the
sense that to the disease probably
contribute both of type factors
genetic in the sense of a
predisposition our ct bilic and then
probably of the vice type factors
environmental toxic for that with i
subjects have lesser ability to
detoxify toxic elements that
that no environment and therefore in
based on this predisposition they develop
then the disease
what are the main symptoms then
as I said before the diagnosis is
basically it is based on
recognition of motor symptoms e
then the classic symptoms and on their own
movement orientation to slowness
of the rigidity movement of the
muscles and possibly the tremor that
however, it is only present in about two thirds
of patients and then also in one
progressive impairment
balance
these are the classic motor symptoms
those on the basis of which they are formulated
diagnosis
here a study will be presented to him
on the analysis of the prevention of falls
in patients on parkinson's he talks about it
yes because this is one of the most problems
big in regards to
let's say patient quality of life
I was saying before that there is a problem with
the balance deficit becomes worse
progressively over the course of
disease
therefore patients because they are six years old
tend to fall much more
frequently of non-subjects
parkinsonians of the same age and
obviously the falls make up of one
series of fracture problems
then hospitalization or let's say
insulation at home so also costs
important for the social service for
the health service or even
psychological problems the fear of
fall that automatically makes it
these sides much weight patients
factors that are responsible for
falls have not even come yet
because there have been studies and
merano all the studies we say about gods
very small samples and with drawings
we don't always say adequate so
what we decided to do was to
do a study on a large sample of
patients
we expect to roll around
thousand patient who has a large number
with an extensive battery of evaluations
instrumental and diagnostic clinics and
with the rating scales e
the goal with your own try to
highlight what the factors are
predispose to the risk of falling into
Parkinsonian patients already study it
started
at the present time they have been disbursed
about 500 patients so we are halfway through
road and also a number of checks
because obviously it is also my role
checks not because the signals
so we trust by spring
2014 having completed the study and by
to be able to switch to
Data analysis today was presented
the national parkinson observatory of
what is it?
with this initiative an initiative
new that wants to present this
observatory that basically a
open web portal we tell everyone the
frying patients or their families
with the primary goal of succeeding
have reliable information
certified by scientific societies e
we also hope from the higher institute
of health but also open to doctors for
of course have updates on
new therapies on new procedures
finally diagnose the goal more
important with us we think with this
observatory to be able to collect also
a very important data
epidemiological that is missing and which would be
very useful to the regions for the canvas
then program the intervention lines
of these therapeutic dynastic plans
regional